## Background
From the themes "Create Something New with Technology 4.0" and "Academic" we can outline 4 major things; Create, New, Technology, and Academy. Combining our knowledge in tech and the concept themes we've outlined, we've come with the concept of a UI/UX Web Academy, dubbed as MasterUI.
In the age of technology we live in today, countless industries compete in the production of applications of many purposes, many of which is to educate users about tech itself. Now when we speak of tech we'd think of apps, we think code. Tech industries produce apps that educate others to create and develop apps and be their successors in the future, but apps aren't always code, it comes with an interface that face users directly, think UI, think UX. Having conducted my own research, a majority of said tech academy webs specialize in code, while some might have the option of UI/UX, none actually specialize in any of the two. So from there, we tried creating something new that opens up to many possibilites in the future of 4.0.

## So, what is MasterUI?
MasterUI is a tech educational website specialized in UI and UX, that is aimed to develop passionate designers to their fullest potential - hence its name, Master UI. Equipped with a global industrial standard curriculum, students are hoped to be able to dive right in to the industrial world after their graduation.

## Credits to
[Alfathya Gya Kirana](https://id.linkedin.com/in/alfathya-gya-35b9b4246) and [Namira Wanda Farida](https://id.linkedin.com/in/namira-wanda-a60384262) as members of the team and as fellow friends and designers that made this project a reality.